# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?
In the console file where we define specific instances of the Property class.

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?
In the save function where we tell it what values we want to be saving against which properties.

Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?
The lines that use methods like delete_all, save, delete, update, value, find_by_address, find_by_id.

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?
Because it is done by the database itself automatically and it's a unique id that nobody can change.

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?
First in the sql file we tell the database that we are expecting an id in the table and then in the save function we tell it the values we want to save returning and assigning them to an id. We also set what we get against the instance variable @id.

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?
It just makes sure that an id can be only called when it exists.

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?
It depends what we need to call the function on, whether the function's purpose is to modify the whole class and look for the information we need in the whole class or what we are looking for is in an instance of the class.

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?
It returns a row of the table with values we have saved or modified. The data would be in an array.
It is stored in the instance variable @id.

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?
It is more eficcient.

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?
They take in an id and the second one an address.

Q11. What are their return values?
They return all the data about a specific class that matches the id or address that we were looking for and it is stored in a new instance of the property class.
